This is version 0 of the MASON Physics 2D package, designed by Christian 
Thompson.  The package is relatively little documentation as of now, but
we hope you may be able to make use of it.  We are also including
Christian's project report, which is chock full of nutty physics goodness.
Additionally, there are several example applications and three tutorials
in the sim/app directory.

To install this package, just add the physics2d directory to your 
CLASSPATH.  Alternatively you can unpack the files into the appropriate
directories in MASON, or create a jar file and stick that in your
CLASSPATH. 

The package is intended to implement a 2D rigid body physics simulation
system in MASON and pure, 100% Java.  The goal is to be both fast and
highly portable.  We may at some point examine also doing a 3D physics
simulation environment using odejava (see http://odejava.org/).  In the
meantime, if you want a 3D physics simulation system, we recommend examing
Breve (http://www.spiderland.org/breve/), which isn't in Java but is
pretty impressive (and with a highly responsive developer). 

The physic simulator uses MASON's Continuous2D class for storage of 
objects for drawing purposes but uses its own data structures for 
computing neighborhood information, interactions, etc.  The system 
provides for a variety of constraints, collision response, some basic 
floor friction, arbitrary forces, etc.  The package will only run with 
MASON 9 or above because it uses the double-valued Heap class.

If you have any questions, do not hesitate to post them to the 
MASON-INTEREST mailing list.  You may also contact Christian Thompson 
(the author of the package) at cthomps7@gmu.edu.
